Cameron Diaz and other celebrities
See what you would do if your
feeding of the day had to fit
inside such a lunchbox that the
children take to school
the actresses cameron diaz and keyra
knightley swear that it is possible and good
their form confirms the story is this
what diet
This is the Toucan's lunchbox.
This is a diet that I approve of the self.
I admire and I indicate that I'm going to tell you
one thing is not only the child who can
have lunchboxes for this and do not have a drawing
this red light line and knows everything
world can have one of these preserves
Pretty neat the food cold by
example the person who will leave in the morning and
You know you will not have time to have lunch.
Look how beautiful this salad is
so she has arugula lettuce several types
of lettuce and tomato cherry chicken
shredded white cheese and walnuts meat
She looks beautiful and healthy. She knows well.
You know the lunch box, with a little something
This is an acerola juice with enough
vitamin c in this small lunch then the
person will exhibit to leave home only
have a meal in the morning she will have
what to have lunch and your afternoon snack outside
from home without and without any time she already
made lunch
the dessert fruity and teaching store
in the video and here the afternoon snack
the cereal with yogurt that people
times found in the
industrialized so ready only until
brought is interesting to show that
have the sugar of the people choose a
cereal that is sugar free
I improve because it is better understood
better for health
Now this is the lunchbox diet for
you take everything that is healthy for the
your day and do not get hungry and
that feeling of weight to eat everything
after i'm starving
I have not eaten in a long time.
It has two effects going without food causes
that the metabolism falls so I do not know
what is it if she fails to state that
lose weight slowly
then if for example the weight loss would be 5
kilos in a month she slims 2 doing the
times the same amount of calories
only with very large spaces so
the more you eat is not
during the day a short period of time
shall be every three hours that the
metabolism acts faster on you
lose weight faster exactly one
encouragement is arriving fuel
we do not have to go into economic mode
of calorie expenditure then it goes into
The weather is not very economical.
burn enough to know that from here
three more hours and will insert and there
You are joining grease here, fat.
there and you lose weight that fat
here is another defense
not how we are going to form a
reserve a defense for her by the time she
she fails to eat with much time
here is that and storage
only he's going to stay, everybody's alone.
Are you going to love your moment in Brazil?
never been so conclusion to the diet of
lunchbox is approved